Witness confirmed our suspect
as the Soul Sucker from lost and found.
Wanna hear the weird part, Chief?
Hit me.
After she turned the
owner into a human pancake,
she stole her
wedding dress from the conveyor.
Of course, this
stapled sicko has her twisted heart
set on a romantic reunion with Mr. Juice.
She won't stop
killing until she walks him back
down the aisle.
Cases like this make me
wonder why I even became a cop.
You're not a cop, you're an actor.
Thank you, Janet.
You keep me real.
Should we take this
Beetlejuice into protective custody?
If you can find him.
He's probably lying low.
Scared out of his mind.
Little higher, boys.
Can't let Dolores get through that door.